README.md, before:

# Advice Generator

A simple, interactive web application that fetches random advice from an external API and displays it with a clean, modern interface.

## 🎯 Project Overview

This project was built as a Front End Mentor challenge to gain hands-on experience with JavaScript, API integration, and asynchronous data fetching. It demonstrates practical skills in consuming REST APIs and updating the DOM dynamically.

## ✨ Features

- Fetches random advice from the [Advice Slip API](https://api.adviceslip.com/)
- Clean, responsive user interface
- One-click advice generation
- Real-time data display without page refresh

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML** - Page structure and semantic markup
- **CSS** - Styling and responsive design
- **JavaScript** - API calls and DOM manipulation
- **Advice Slip API** - External data source

## 💻 How to Use

1. Clone the repository
2. Open `index.html` in your browser
3. Click the button to generate random advice

## 📚 What I Learned

- Making asynchronous API requests with `fetch()`
- Handling promises and async/await patterns
- Manipulating the DOM with JavaScript
- Working with external REST APIs
- CSS styling and layout techniques

## 🔗 API Reference

This project uses the Advice Slip JSON API at `https://api.adviceslip.com/advice`

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Challenge from [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/)
- Tutorial guidance for API integration
- [Advice Slip API](https://adviceslip.com/) for providing free advice data

---

**Note:** This was an early learning project focused on understanding API integration and JavaScript fundamentals.

Commit message:

Enhance README with detailed usage instructions
Updated usage instructions for cloning the repository and running the application using local servers.

README.md, after:

# Advice Generator

A simple, interactive web application that fetches random advice from an external API and displays it with a clean, modern interface.

## 🎯 Project Overview

This project was built as a Front End Mentor challenge to gain hands-on experience with JavaScript, API integration, and asynchronous data fetching. It demonstrates practical skills in consuming REST APIs and updating the DOM dynamically.

## ✨ Features

- Fetches random advice from the [Advice Slip API](https://api.adviceslip.com/)
- Clean, responsive user interface
- One-click advice generation
- Real-time data display without page refresh

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML** - Page structure and semantic markup
- **CSS** - Styling and responsive design
- **JavaScript** - API calls and DOM manipulation
- **Advice Slip API** - External data source

## 💻 How to Use

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/PureLmnz/adviceGenerator.git
   cd adviceGenerator
   ```

2. Open `index.html` in your browser or use a local server:
   ```bash
   # Using Python
   python -m http.server 8000
   
   # Or using Node.js
   npx serve
   ```

3. Click the button to generate random advice!


## 📚 What I Learned

- Making asynchronous API requests with `fetch()`
- Handling promises and async/await patterns
- Manipulating the DOM with JavaScript
- Working with external REST APIs
- CSS styling and layout techniques

## 🔗 API Reference

This project uses the Advice Slip JSON API at `https://api.adviceslip.com/advice`

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Challenge from [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/)
- Tutorial guidance for API integration
- [Advice Slip API](https://adviceslip.com/) for providing free advice data

---

**Note:** This was an early learning project focused on understanding API integration and JavaScript fundamentals.
